Permission token examples (#467)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/reference/permissions.md

| [`CanBurnAssetsWithDefinition`]         | Asset            | Allows to burn quantity of assets with this definition             |
| [`CanTransferAssetsWithDefinition`]     | Asset            | Allows to transfer quantity of assets with this definition         |
| [`CanBurnUserAsset`]                    | Asset            | Allows to burn user's asset quantity                               |
| [`CanTransferUserAsset`]                | Asset            | Allows to transfer user's asset quantity                           |
| [`CanSetKeyValueInUserAsset`]           | Asset            | Allows to set key value to user's asset metadata                   |
| [`CanRemoveKeyValueInUserAsset`]        | Asset            | Allows to remove key value from user's asset metadata              |
| [`CanSetKeyValueInAssetDefinition`]     | Asset Definition | Allows to add key value to metadata for this asset definition      |
| [`CanRemoveKeyValueInAssetDefinition`]  | Asset Definition | Allows to remove key value from metadata for this asset definition |
| [`CanUnregisterAssetDefinition`]        | Asset Definition | Allows to unregister this asset definition                         |

> ::: note

Reviewer: I forgot that it's info, not note 

```suggestion
::: info
```

> The way permission work in Iroha 2 is subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way permissions work in Iroha 2 is subject to change.
```

Only an owner of the subject can grant permissions for the subject.

By default, all assets and accounts defined in the genesis block configuration file are created by `genesis@genesis` account. 
This means that `alice@wonderland` is not the owner of `rose#wonderland` and cannot grant permission for `rose#wonderland`.

To avoid this you can:
1. Edit the `genesis.json` file to only include the creation of  `alice@wonderland`, and then redeploy Iroha 2.

> 2. In the name of `alice@wonderland` create a subject (asset, definition, account etc.) and then give a permission for this.

Reviewer: this line is still unclear and needs rephrasing

> 2. In the name of `alice@wonderland` create a subject (asset, definition, account etc.) and then give a permission for this.

Reviewer: change if that's correct

```suggestion
2. Create a subject (e.g., an asset definition) for `alice@wonderland`, and then give `alice@wonderland` the permission to alter this subject.
```

:::

### `General example`

With this example, the owner-account can give permission for its subject to another account.
The example is based on the following pre-conditions:

>     The subject is created by the owner-account
>     The recipient account is created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The subject is created by the owner-account
 - The recipient account is created
```

| [`CanTransferAssetsWithDefinition`]     | Asset            | Allows to transfer quantity of assets with this definition         |
| [`CanBurnUserAsset`]                    | Asset            | Allows to burn user's asset quantity                               |
| [`CanTransferUserAsset`]                | Asset            | Allows to transfer user's asset quantity                           |
| [`CanSetKeyValueInUserAsset`]           | Asset            | Allows to set key value to user's asset metadata                   |
| [`CanRemoveKeyValueInUserAsset`]        | Asset            | Allows to remove key value from user's asset metadata              |
| [`CanSetKeyValueInAssetDefinition`]     | Asset Definition | Allows to add key value to metadata for this asset definition      |
| [`CanRemoveKeyValueInAssetDefinition`]  | Asset Definition | Allows to remove key value from metadata for this asset definition |
| [`CanUnregisterAssetDefinition`]        | Asset Definition | Allows to unregister this asset definition                         |

::: info

The way permission work in Iroha 2 is subject to change.
Only an owner of the subject can grant permissions for the subject.

> Important!!!
> By default, all assets and accounts defined in the genesis block configuration file, are created by genesis@genesis account.
> That means "alice@wonderland" is not the owner of "rose#wonderland" and cannot grant permission for "rose#wonderland".
> To avoid this you can:
> 1. Edit the genesis.json, add there a creation of "alice@wonderland" only and redeploy the Iroha 2.
> 2. In the name of "alice@wonderland" create a subject (asset, definition, account etc.) and then give a permission for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: note
By default, all assets and accounts defined in the genesis block configuration file are created by `genesis@genesis` account. This means that `alice@wonderland` is not the owner of `rose#wonderland` and cannot grant permission for `rose#wonderland`.

To avoid this you can:
1. Edit the `genesis.json` file to only include the creation of  `alice@wonderland`, and then redeploy Iroha 2.
2. In the name of `alice@wonderland` create a subject (asset, definition, account etc.) and then give a permission for this.
:::
```

I've suggested changes but please make sure the meaning is preserved. Also, the item 2 is not clear to me, so it's probably needs rephrasing.

Another question, are 1 and 2 alternatives or consecutive steps?

:::

### `General example`

> With this example, the owner-account can give permission for his subject to another account.
> The example is based on 
> Pre-conditions:
> 1. The subject is created by the owner-account
> 2. The recipient account is created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this example, the owner-account can give permission for its subject to another account.
The example is based on the following pre-conditions:
- The subject is created by the owner-account.
- The recipient account is created.
```

```rust

> //First we define the asset definition owner
> let asset_definition_owner = AccountId::from_str("alice@wonderland").unwrap();
> //Then we define the asset definition id which was created by the owner
> let asset_definition_id = AssetDefinitionId::from_str("coolAsset#wonderland").unwrap();
> //Define the account which we want to give the permission
> let recipient_account = AccountId::from_str("actor@wonderland").unwrap();
> //Create a token that we chose. And define its structure according to iroha_executor\smart_contract\executor\src\default.rs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Define the asset definition owner
let asset_definition_owner = AccountId::from_str("alice@wonderland").unwrap();
// Define the asset definition id which was created by the owner
let asset_definition_id = AssetDefinitionId::from_str("coolAsset#wonderland").unwrap();
// Define the account which we want to give the permission
let recipient_account = AccountId::from_str("actor@wonderland").unwrap();
// Create a token that we chose and define its structure according to `iroha_executor\smart_contract\executor\src\default.rs`
```

let can_mint_asset_with_definition_token = PermissionToken::new(
"CanMintAssetsWithDefinition".parse().unwrap(),
&json!({ "asset_definition_id": asset_definition_id }),
);

> //Create a permission expression (Grant\Revoke)
> let permission_expression = GrantExpr::new(can_mint_asset_with_definition_token, recipients_account);
> //Submit the transaction with the permission expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create a permission expression (Grant\Revoke)
let permission_expression = GrantExpr::new(can_mint_asset_with_definition_token, recipients_account);
// Submit the transaction with the permission expression
```
